origin support mithi to break that game
down thank you very much pyrotechnics
and while joined here by missy who is a
once they can hear us he can hear us
can't hear me right now which you will
in a second but the people at home can
hear us we're joined by missy after that
second victory for uh oh gee in two days
can you hear me at no no well wait I
have an idea do this can you hear me now
yeah all right that was a pretty good
two days for OG already um tell us about
this game specifically because it was
quite hyped in terms of 2 vs. 2 and it
ended up being the two vs two hey yeah
we wanted to lend soap plus we have
never played vain before like we played
like two times so but I told Neil's that
I wanted to lock him in vain because it
was really open against SATCOM and we
wanted a insult but then they like we
blind swapped they swapped on us then we
were a bit scared but they didn't really
do much and then we could have killed
him but Neil's miss played a bit even
though I'm not sure but I think we could
have killed but I'm not sure if the guy
would have died even use the auto attack
before he but yeah that's kind of how it
went yeah pretty elaborate explanation
and it was very close as well tell me
about more of your game plan because you
know we've repeated so many times that
h2k is so good in the beginning of the
game and it did seem that you guys on
every front just wanted to shut them
down early well III I don't know how
good they are we were very scared I was
very I mean not scared but I have a lot
of respect for cussing and I was you
know like a hyped-up you know like have
its scared I in a way about the match
but so I gave my best and it worked out
but we haven't really seen like we
haven't played against any of these
teams online I mean offline so it's hard
to for us to say how how how good we
expect them to be or how good they are
maybe they're much better than they play
today it's just a best of one soon you
never know I think it's very interesting
is you guys showed a lot of strengths I
even growth I didn't see Neal's really
play vain and challenger one thing I
wanted to pick up on was h2k in this
game they did so many things differently
to how we used to them do
only in three games to after kissing
joint did they ever give up the first
three dragons that is something
completely not like the h2k we know just
also the 2v two yesterday kissing said
here on the analyst asked that he felt
cannon and kissing with the rest to v2
you guys certainly certainly made it not
look that way what are your feelings on
how strong Niels and yourself mithya how
good are you compared to every other but
Lynn we're fine you're fine yeah you
look better than fine in that game let's
say well Neal's is sitting here he's
quite confident you just keep it cool
and you're like we're fine and like
having a great score line yesterday a 0
16 that's the thing is I feel or I'm
getting the impression that a lot of LCS
teams think to be to killing people or
just trading and out trading is
important that in reality all you have
to do is farm up get a good comp and not
die to gangs and lose the game and yeah
I think we do that good we don't kill
the enemy i mean we could have killed
them i think this time because they
screwed up but it's all about punishing
mistake and if you force if you try to
force mistakes by overtrading like
forgiven us for example it can sometimes
backfire really hard or you can win
really hard but i don't think that's the
right approach to to a game well the
knowledge bombs dropped right here by a
missy you guys did kill a lot of people
although in this game of course you have
to win the game and we have a replay
that we want to line up very impressive
just showing how aggressive you guys
were early and some great play by you as
well and you wanted to set this one out
yeah so what happens here is that the we
have TV priority on them the market has
no TP we do so we're basically if we can
basically force up for vs 3 on both line
which means we can dive lemme see with
the pics we have and and then we just
basically call call it off with tell PK
we're going to dive both so you can like
just do whatever you have to do so
you're here at least three seconds
earlier than Cassidy yeah like this
whatever you know cuz he can like it
custom roms early Rome's first it
couldn't be a bit annoying but if he
roams at the same time as him it's fine
and we just set it up we're we're one
man up so all we have to do is just
click our spells and
yeah where to click right now yeah so so
yeah they smell it do they start running
but well dig I mean china has to flash
out but yeah as I said it's like three
versus three verses for so there's
nothing they can do I flash am pretty
nice done yeah we we just keep chasing
them and then I think so I start
scrolling at some point here thank you
actually got two kills yeah and the
sauce is strolling here yeah but
overconfident at that time but well you
guys had a really really good game over
yeah I completely agree one of the
biggest things coming out a champion
select was how their Evelyn would affect
the game and have to say origin did a
great job in the early game you had
enough information to kind of predict Y
Eve was going to be in you guys know Lou
Lexi he goes very very greedily through
the jungle and backs and amazing read it
perfectly that's the one thing the early
gang yeah it fell on sir casse it felt
that they didn't respect amazing enough
because i think uh uh uh actually I
don't remember but I think we found Rex
I I'm not sure um yes you did yeah and
we got like basically Rex and Greg are
the best anglers right now and we been
tricks I so if we get dragged us then
the enemy jungler is a bit screwed in
terms of early game pressure and they
didn't care about it so they felt the
disrespected amazing in that regard and
he did a very good job early game and
they try to gank me top but I kind of
smelled it it was pretty obvious so they
didn't really get anything out of it
though I don't know once he shows that
she loses all the pressure and then
amazing could free the gank mid even
flashing me than do whatever because he
won't get counter going yeah good read
good picks good game overall and 2 and 0
on the very first games of origin in the
LCS congratulations thank you very much
all right we need to go on cooldown but
when we return Peppa narrow and Giants
gaming will take on soarin and the
copenhagen wolf so don't go anywhere
hi but maybe I'm crazy today and
delusional so we should not listen to me
okay yeah as usual per usual Bellas
moving they founded the monsoon well
cable looks alive just barely but Neil's
finds one can t do another condemn
against the low so a syllable kill you
have to back you have to fight you have
to work you are trying to fight them
okay we're coming into into you can be
later i'm still here kill him yeah well
there goes equalizer gets thrown down
the ways to phase health bars are
evaporating a very big barrel origin
have thundered to a to a no start in the
LCS summer split